---
slug: celebrating-international-womens-day
---

Our story began in 1995, with two pioneering founders who dared to dream. Husband-and-wife duo, Christine and Mike Roberts, had a vision - to produce superb sparkling wine in England that would rival the world’s best. They found the perfect spot in Sussex to establish their vineyard, with ideal growing conditions for the traditional Champagne grape varieties. At the time, producing wine in England was unthinkable, but Chris and Mike embarked on an extraordinary journey to put English sparkling wine on the global stage.

2: Family is the heart of our story. Under the mentorship of his father Mike, Simon Roberts has played a pivotal part in winemaking at Ridgeview from the early days. Now Head Winemaker, he continues to shape our legacy as pioneering producers of the future. Mike Roberts was awarded an MBE in 2011 for his services to the English wine industry and after his passing, Ridgeview moved into a new phase as a second-generation family business with his daughter, Tamara Roberts, becoming CEO in 2014. Our family ethos extends to our entire community, and we welcome everyone to share in our passion for exceptional English sparkling wine.

3: From the day our vines were planted, we have been at the forefront of the English Wine Industry - a pioneering spirit is in our DNA. As founding members of the Sustainable Wines of Great Britain scheme, we are paving the way for progress for vineyards and wineries up and down the U.K. We became a certified B Corp in 2022 (a global accreditation for purpose-driven businesses meeting the highest standards of social and environmental performance). We are dedicated to creating positive change - inspiring our community to journey alongside us towards a sustainable future for generations to come.

4: Our wines are made to bring people together, enriching shared moments no matter how big or small. Many of our proudest moments as a family have been the honour of our wines being served at royal occasions and historic events. Our signature sparkling wine (Bloomsbury NV) was the official wine served at Queen Elizabeth II’s Diamond Jubilee in 2012 whilst our flagship Blanc de Blancs was served at the late Queen’s 80th birthday celebrations, the COP26 reception in 2021 and at King Charles’ first State Banquet in 2023. From grand celebrations to finding joy in the everyday, there is a memorable moment in every sip. As Head Winemaker, Simon Roberts says: “Our family wines are complex and sophisticated, made for every occasion from lazy summer afternoons to state banquets and everything in between.”

5: Quality is our guiding principle, with a commitment to excellence from grape to glass.

IN THE VINEYARD: Ridgeview’s vines have played an important part in the English Wine story and their heritage is something we’re enormously proud of. Now rooted deep in the Sussex soil, they are carefully managed by Matt Strugnell, a key member of the Ridgeview team since 2002. Serving as Chair of the Viticulture Working Group at Wine GB, Matt is widely respected for his expertise in cool-climate viticulture and sustainable vineyard management, generously sharing his knowledge and passion with others.

IN THE WINERY: Quality and craftsmanship are at the heart of the winemaking process at Ridgeview. Our traditional method sparkling wines are made with minimal intervention, to release the purest expression of our hand-picked grapes. The journey began with Bloomsbury NV - the first wine me made as a family and every year since. It inspired what is now considered the classic English blend. Making international history in 2010, we received Decanter’s World's Best Sparkling Wine award - the first non-Champagne wine to receive this coveted trophy. Continuing his father’s legacy of winemaking excellence, Head Winemaker Simon Roberts’ Sparkling Red Reserve was awarded WineGB’s Pioneer Trophy in 2022. Blending traditional techniques with contemporary expertise, we produce elegant and complex wines that bring celebration to life.

6: At Ridgeview we believe in making business a force for good. We are active participants in our local area and support community sport. We are corporate partners of Sussex Cricket and proud sponsors of Burgess Hill Cricket Club. Working with local schools and in partnership with Plumpton College, we run initiatives to help inspire the next generation of the English Industry. Our focus charity is Table Talk Foundation who support food education in Sussex and the local hospitality industry.

“Businesses, like people, thrive when they genuinely embrace and support their local community. There is no set formula, and sometimes the smallest gestures can make the biggest difference to your employees and neighbourhood. Creating an environment within which giving back is highly valued and actively encouraged is hugely important and rewarding.” – Tamara Roberts, Ridgeview CEO

7: ‘Life is for celebrating' is the Ridgeview motto and the Roberts family philosophy. As a joyful reminder, this message can be found written inside the neck foil of every bottle. Our greatest joy is to share our wines with you, to celebrate life’s big milestones and those little moments in between.
